what is going on YouTube this video is
going to be a I got mail episode which
has been a really long time since I made
and i got mail video no one has
contacted me about sending mail since
the last video but um somebody else did
and this package is from Jenny loop from
Jenny loop NFL jerseys I'll have any
links that will be needed in the
description and what she has is
basically replica jersey she used etc
and she asked me if I want to pick a few
things out that I can review and that is
exactly what I am doing in this video so
i am going to open up the box real quick
and show you what's inside alright so
let's see what exactly we have is that i
probably should have got my BioPod out
but whatever it will be a little bit
shaky I apologize for that but you know
what I i will get this box out and have
it looking nice and neat for you instead
of trying to yank it out and being super
shaky alright so here I got the box and
let's see what we got inside we also
have two jerseys included um I'll get to
those right after I look at the shoes
first so here we have these shoes um I
needed a new pair of work shoes and
there's these nike air max i believe
they are they should say in the front
yep the these are the brand new ones
from 2015 so I needed like I said um
good pair of work shoes that that I can
use for the most part all year may be
the winner I won't use these but for
every other season I will and they are
looking very good very good indeed and
yeah I'm pretty impressed with the
quality everything feels very nice looks
very good so we got those there
and let's get on to the jerseys that I
decided to get which I am really excited
to get both of these so um i order them
in a size extra because I'm the kind of
person I rather than coming too big and
too small so on we'll see how exactly
these look and the quality that they are
and keep in mind she was nice enough to
send these to me for free to review so i
gotta give less of credit to that
alright so let's see what we have here
we have the russell wilson jersey is the
first one I got here um now I i am a
Lions fan but lions are kind of hard to
watch and i really like russell wilson
he seems like a very nice guy I was
happy to see him do good in the Super
Bowl so we have russell wilson jersey
right here everything looks good get the
nike flywire whatever it's called nike
logo down there check out the back nice
and stitched russell wilson everything
definitely looks good at the Nike logo
right up there which unfortunately the
camera just changed hopefully that won't
bother you guys in the video so uh so
yeah there's the Russell Wilson one
right there that'll be awesome on the
draft day fanfare fantasy football that
is and next one I'm because that was
kind of shaky I pulled it out I will
pull out my running jersey I got all
right so here's the red wings jersey I
got it looks phenomenal everything looks
really really good it's the winter
classic one um 2014 patch up there I got
number 44 hundreds at our burg captain
and let's check out the back because I
already have a normal red rings Jersey
and I
I really like these throwback ones now
everyone likes them but I liked it and
yeah so that is an awesome looking
Jersey great quality quality reebok you
know everything everything looks very
very good and I am very impressed with
how everything looks so yeah that is
about it for the video you guys again
Jenny loop NFL jerseys that are you is
the website I believe again if you're
interested in any of this the link will
be in the description there's a separate
website for the shoes if you want to get
a nice putt a nice pair of shoes rather
and yeah if you have any questions or
anything just just leave some feedback
at down below in the description and
it's always thanks for watching and have
a great day